    The Faceless Ones' origins are shrouded in mystery, with some claiming they are
the byproduct of laboratory experiments in the pursuit of the ultimate human, while
others recount that they were selectively bred to serve as stand-ins for dignitaries in
public settings. Now, they primarily act as diplomats or spies for various factions,
utilizing their extensive internal gene pool to transform into any race. Coupled with
their exquisite makeup skills, they can infiltrate any colony or organization and slip
away unharmed afterward.



Mod contents：
This mod adds a Xenotype the corresponding genes

This mod takes all of the Xenotype in Rimworld (including those added by other mods) and packages them into corresponding gene packages,
 allowing the player to inject the genes of an xenotype race into any of the colonists 
 however, are the carriers of these gene packages, eliminating the need for the cumbersome gene extraction process in Biotech

Xenotype：

FacelessMan：The Faceless Ones are skilled infiltrators, capable of transforming
            themselves or their minions into any race using their extensive gene pool.

Peasant：a servant race created by the Faceless Ones, designed to perform tasks they are not skilled at or do not prefer.



Genes：

Genepack Reimplanter：Carriers of this gene can implant a copy of selected xenotype into another person through an injector organ. 

Gene Morphing：Carriers of this gene can choose one of their xenotype gene pack for morphing.

Gene Master：Carriers of this gene have all xenotype genes available within their body. and they won't be weakened by genetic recombination.

Strong：Carriers of this gene are stronger and have a higher resistance to various types of injuries.

Flesh Master：Carriers of this gene specializes in controlling their's cells, allowing the body to heal quickly and become more resilient, 
  and bleeding wounds close very quickly.

GenePackX：Every Xenotype in Rimworld (including mod-added ones), is generated with a corresponding "GenePack" gene, 
  and when you have this gene in you, you can use "Genepack Reimplanter" and "Gene Morphing" to transform or convert others



Abilities：

Implant Genes：Implanting the xenotype carrying the genes of the 'xenotype gene package' from oneself into a target organism. 
  If the recipient's xenotype genes are still undergoing reconstruction, it will lead to their demise.
  After implantation, the genes of the xenotype will overwrite those of the recipient's xenotype genes, while the lineage genes remain unaffected.

Morph：Morph into a different xenotype.

Embrace Evolution：Customize an xenotype and inject it into the target, but even the mighty gene master will become weakened.

Disguise：Manipulating your flesh and blood to change the color of one's skin and regenerate or lose one's hair, Disguise as a selected target.



Future development: 
I have been quite busy recently, but in the near future, I may add some events to this mod. 
If I have more time in the future, I may even add related clothing, weapons, and missions.


Code： https://github.com/NightmareZero/FacelessMan.git

The English parts of this mod are all machine translated, if anyone would like to fix the errors and omissions, you can private message me or go directly to Github to submit Also,
 except for the cover which is generated by Ai, the other ones basically use Rimworld's own icons, if anyone thinks it's too ugly, you can go to Github to submit it too, and I can add you as a collaborator of the mod!
